chore(docs): port MORE notions (#180)
sapphiredev/website: docs/Guide/application-commands/application-command-registry/acquiring-application-command-registry.mdx

title: Acquiring an Application Command Registry
---

To do anything with the [`Application Command Registry`][acr] we need to "acquire" one. To "acquire" an

> [`Application Command Registry`][acr] means to retrieve it from the Sapphire code. This may sound more complicated than

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`Application Command Registry`][acr] means to retrieve an already existing one for the command name you specify or generating a brand new one. This may sound more complicated than
```

it actually is, so bare with us here. Acquiring an [`Application Command Registry`][acr] can be done in two ways:

> - By calling the `ApplicationCommandRegistry.acquire` method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By calling the `ApplicationCommandRegistries.acquire` method
```

> - By using the [`registerApplicationCommands`][register-application-commands] method of the [`Command`][command] class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By using the [`registerApplicationCommands`][register-application-commands] method of the [`Command`][command] class (which receives a pre-defined registry for the command it's present in)
```

## `Command.registerApplicationCommands`

This method is present inside of the [`Command`][command] class and can be used to acquire the command's
[`ApplicationCommandRegistry`][acr] and use it directly. Let's see a quick example of how to use it:

```typescript ts2esm2cjs|{4-6}|{4-6}
import { ApplicationCommandRegistry, Command } from '@sapphire/framework';

export class PingCommand extends Command {
  public override registerApplicationCommands(registry: ApplicationCommandRegistry) {
    // registry is specifically for the "ping" command
  }
}
```

> This means that this registry will only concern itself about the current `ping` class- it's not going to impact anything

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that this registry will only concern itself about the current `ping` command - it's not going to impact any other commands.
```

else.

## `ApplicationCommandRegistries.acquire`

:::caution

For most use cases the method above should suffice. Acquiring the [`Application Command Registry`][acr] through
`ApplicationCommandRegistries.acquire` should be considered advanced. An example usage of this is consolidating all the
registering outside of the command, or creating TypeScript decorators for registering.

:::

This method is used to acquire the application command registry by it's name. It will return the application command
registry for command name provided.

If command name is already registered in the registry then it will return the existing registry else it will create a

> new and then returns the same. Let's see an example of how to use it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
new and then returns it. Let's see an example of how to use it:
```

To do anything with the `Application Command Registry` we need to acquire the one for the use. It can be done in two
ways:

> - By calling the [`ApplicationCommandRegistry.aquire`][application-command-registry] method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By calling the [`ApplicationCommandRegistry.acquire`][application-command-registry] method
```

- By using the [`registerApplicationCommands`][register-application-commands] method of the `Command` class

## `ApplicationCommandRegistries.acquire`

This method is used to acquire the application command registry by it's name. It will return the application command
registry for command name provided.

If command name is already registered in the registry then it will return the existing registry else it will create a
new and then returns the same. Let's see an example of how to use it:

```typescript ts2esm2cjs|{4}|{4}
import { ApplicationCommandRegistries } from '@sapphire/framework';

// Gets the registry for a command with the name of "ping"
const pingRegistry = ApplicationCommandRegistries.acquire('ping');
```

It returns a [`ApplicationCommandRegistry`][application-command-registry] for the command name provided, which can be used to perform operations on the registry for this command.

## `Command.registerApplicationCommands`

> This method is present inside of the [`Command`][command] class and can be used to acquire the [`ApplicationCommandRegistry`][application-command-registry] for the
> respective class. Let's see a quick example of how to use it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method is present inside of the [`Command`][command] class and can be used to acquire the command's [`ApplicationCommandRegistry`][application-command-registry] and use it directly.
Let's see a quick example of how to use it:
```

}
```

> This means that this registery will only concern itself about the current `ping` class- it's not going to impact anything else.

Reviewer: This entire paragraph makes no sense. Registries already are tied to one command name and will not impact others
